docs/README.md, before:

# The OPA Website and Documentation

This directory contains all of the Markdown, HTML, Sass/CSS, and other assets needed
to build the [openpolicyagent.org](https://openpolicyagent.org) website. See the
section below for steps to build the site and test documentation changes
locally.

The raw OPA documentation can be found under the [content/docs](./content/docs)
directory.

> ### Developing OPA
> For documentation on developing OPA, see the [devel](./devel) directory.

## Run the site locally

You can run the site locally [with Docker](#run-the-site-locally-using-docker) or
[without Docker](#run-the-site-locally-without-docker).

### Generating Versioned Content ###
The site will show all versions of doc content from the tagged versions listed
in [RELEASES](./RELEASES).

To generate them run:
```shell
make load-docs
```

The content then will be placed into `docs/generated/docs/$VERSION/`.

### Run the site locally using Docker

If [Docker is running](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/):

```bash
make docker-serve
```

Open your browser to http://localhost:1313 to see the site running locally. The docs
are available at http://localhost:1313/docs.

### Run the site locally without Docker

To build and serve the site locally without using Docker, install the following packages
on your system:

- The [Hugo](#installing-hugo) static site generator

#### Installing Hugo

Running the website locally requires installing the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) static
site generator. The required version of Hugo is listed in the
[`netlify.toml`](./netlify.toml) configuration file (see the `HUGO_VERSION` variable).

Installation instructions for Hugo can be found in the [official
documentation](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/).

Please note that you need to install the "extended" version of Hugo (with built-in
support) to run the site locally. If you get errors like this, it means that you're
using the non-extended version:

```
error: failed to transform resource: TOCSS: failed to transform "sass/style.sass" (text/x-sass): this feature is not available in your current Hugo version
```

#### Serving the site

From this directory:

```shell
make serve
```

Open your browser to http://localhost:1313 to see the site running locally. The docs
are available at http://localhost:1313/docs.


## Site updates

The OPA site is automatically published using [Netlify](https://netlify.com). Whenever
changes in this directory are pushed to `master`, the site will be re-built and
re-deployed.

## Checking links

To check the site's links, first install the [`htmlproofer`](https://github.com/gjtorikian/html-proofer) Ruby gem:

```bash
gem install htmlproofer
```

Then run:

```bash
make linkcheck
```

Commit message:

Get local netlify dev environment working
We needed to change to build the docs from the root of the git repo
Where the netlify toml file was. To make this easier we just shim the
docs-* make targets to the ./docs/Makefile.

The nice part of this is we get a full deployment with the redirects
and other netlify config bits in place.

Signed-off-by: Patrick East <east.patrick@gmail.com>

docs/README.md, after:

# The OPA Website and Documentation

This directory contains all of the Markdown, HTML, Sass/CSS, and other assets needed
to build the [openpolicyagent.org](https://openpolicyagent.org) website. See the
section below for steps to build the site and test documentation changes
locally.

The raw OPA documentation can be found under the [content/docs](./content/docs)
directory.

> ### Developing OPA
> For documentation on developing OPA, see the [devel](./devel) directory.

## Run the site locally

You can run the site locally [with Docker](#run-the-site-locally-using-docker) or
[without Docker](#run-the-site-locally-without-docker).

### Generating Versioned Content ###

> This *MUST* be done before you can serve the site locally!

The site will show all versions of doc content from the tagged versions listed
in [RELEASES](./RELEASES).

To generate them run:
```shell
make generate
```
The content then will be placed into `docs/generated/docs/$VERSION/`.

### Run the site locally using Docker

If [Docker is running](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/):

```bash
make docker-serve
```

Open your browser to http://localhost:1313 to see the site running locally. The docs
are available at http://localhost:1313/docs.

### Run the site locally without Docker

To build and serve the site locally without using Docker, install the following packages
on your system:

- The [Hugo](#installing-hugo) static site generator
- The [Netlify dev CLI](https://www.netlify.com/products/dev/)

The site will be running from the Hugo dev server and fronted through netlify running
as a local reverse proxy. This more closely simulates the production environment but
gives live updates as code changes.

#### Installing Hugo

Running the website locally requires installing the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) static
site generator. The required version of Hugo is listed in the
[`netlify.toml`](./netlify.toml) configuration file (see the `HUGO_VERSION` variable).

Installation instructions for Hugo can be found in the [official
documentation](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/).

Please note that you need to install the "extended" version of Hugo (with built-in
support) to run the site locally. If you get errors like this, it means that you're
using the non-extended version:

```
error: failed to transform resource: TOCSS: failed to transform "sass/style.sass" (text/x-sass): this feature is not available in your current Hugo version
```

#### Serving the full site

From this directory:

```shell
make serve
```

Watch the console output for a localhost URL (the port is randomized). The docs are
available at http://localhost:$PORT/docs.


## Site updates

The OPA site is automatically published using [Netlify](https://netlify.com). Whenever
changes in this directory are pushed to `master`, the site will be re-built and
re-deployed.

## Checking links

To check the site's links, first install the [`htmlproofer`](https://github.com/gjtorikian/html-proofer) Ruby gem:

```bash
gem install htmlproofer
```

Then run:

```bash
make linkcheck
```
